but I recorded teachers the teacher who
is honest and has dedicated to their
students and a teacher who is willing to
be there for their students no matter
what what I expect from a teacher is
someone who's like energetic not to
mourn knows how to teach I have a good
time at the same time Oh someone whose
strength but not too strict and someone
who like works with the students
one-on-one I'm a teacher to be
understanding it's like not always like
trying to teach you class but like
actually get to the students needs I
think a good teacher is somebody that
desk is a time to school to work and
actually want to help a student to
improve in their life and educate them a
teacher who is real like who treats you
like another person out in the world not
just teacher-student relationship more
like friends like I stepped in the class
I want to teach her like like sighs I've
been like let us know love is something
by his or her life a good teacher to me
is a teacher that cooperates with your
students and like lets your student tell
her how to teach the class and what to
do it makes your class fun it's learning
fun I look for in a teacher a teacher
that take consideration of students
feelings and who actually think about
like things that the students go through
because some people go through life
harder stuff than everybody else and
something you think that 06 day was
going up a certain way that the next two
day is going to certain way and people
struggles to do things and can we stop
ideal teacher is someone that is there
for you and that curious about you and
that's um like there after school for
you and like more of it like a friend
relationship mountain just like a
teacher I can teach you this and got on
my class more like a come kick with me
not at lunch or something
I think a good teacher should be able to
get to through due to their students to
wear their students are engaged in what
they're teaching where they're not bored
out of their minds they can like have
fun while they're while they're learning
I want to I want to teach I was really
funny so yeah I'm was attention because
it is like a normal teacher you know
easily boring he's never getting his
attention students will fall asleep just
pretty much it from a good teacher I
expect to get help when I need it and I
want respect from my teacher because you
know you give respect to get respect and
I want them to be nice to me pretty much
a you know qualified teacher you know
there's some there are some teachers out
there that i don't i'm not trying to
hate or nothing but they have like some
really strange teaching methods pretty
much what I want out of a teacher is
like somebody can feel comfortable with
and just talked to like a normal person
without like the pressure of them being
like okay like you don't get it you know
make me feel like lower than i already
am so I feel like I would wonder friend
Adam
I think the teacher is not about the
antibody education but I think for me
it's it's really more about having the
effective relationship so if you decide
to call and depend on they're always
there my teacher is more not a friend
but to be a counselor some of that you
can always no matter what yeah to turn
his life or her life to but no matter
what the situation is they're willing to
give you some advice today's I don't
give advice or just a body with educator
word today being a teacher is more than
just education